docs: small updates for latest pattern compliance (#6227)
snapcore/snapcraft: docs/explanation/snap-build-process.rst

somewhat similar a Makefiles and RPM SPEC files.

The project file is a plaintext file encoded in UTF-8, can be composed manually or
generated from a template. The template contains enough boilerplate keys to build the
snap with little effort.

Designing a snap is an open-ended craft. However, most project files have some common

> elements with special names in the Snapcraft world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Crafting a snap is open-ended. However, project files have some
elements with special names in the Snapcraft world.
```

Author: I was merely the ~~messenger~~ migrator. f06a056

- The snap's *metadata* provides identifiers and descriptions by which the snap can

>   account for itself and be discovered in the Snap Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The snap's *metadata* identifies and describes the snap and can be discovered in
  the Snap Store.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd slightly adjust this suggestion to be "... and can be _used to discover it_ in the Snap Store" (emphasis to show change)

Author: Simplified. f06a056
